{
    "_id" : ObjectId("612bbba1ba3825a399be0725"),
    "The Longest Johns" : {
        "Santiana" : [ 
            "Oh Santiana gained the day / Away Santianna / Now pull the yan up the west they say / Along the plains of Mexico", 
            "Well heave her up and away we'll go / Away Santiana / Heave her up and away we'll go / Along the plains of Mexico", 
            "She's a fast clipper ship and a bully good crew / Away Santiana / And an old salty Yank for a captain too Along the plains of Mexico", 
            "Santiana fought for gold Away Santiana Around Cape Horn through the ice and snow Along the plains of Mexico", 
            "'Twas on the field of Molly-Del-Rey Away Santiana Well both his legs got blown away Along the plains of Mexico", 
            "It was a fierce and bitter strife Away Santiana The general Taylor took his life Along the plains of Mexico", 
            "Santiana now we mourn Away Santiana We left him buried off Cape Horn Along the plains of Mexico"
        ],
        "Wellerman" : [ 
            "There once was a ship that put to sea And the name of that ship was the Billy o' Tea The winds blew hard, her bow dipped down Blow, me bully boys, blow (huh)", 
            "Soon may the Wellerman come To bring us sugar and tea and rum One day, when the tonguing is done We'll take our leave and go", 
            "She had not been two weeks from shore When down on her a right whale bore The captain called all hands and swore He'd take that whale in tow (huh)", 
            "Before the boat had hit the water The whale's tail came up and caught her All hands to the side, harpooned and fought her When she dived down below (huh)", 
            "No line was cut, no whale was freed An' the captain's mind was not on greed But he belonged to the Whaleman's creed She took that ship in tow (huh)", 
            "For forty days or even more The line went slack then tight once more All boats were lost, there were only four And still that whale did go", 
            "As far as I've heard, the fight's still on The line's not cut, and the whale's not gone The Wellerman makes his regular call To encourage the captain, crew and all"
        ],
        "Off to Sea" : [ 
            "When first I landed in Liverpool I went upon the spree. With money at last, I spent it fast. I got drunk as drunk could be. But when my money was all gone it was then that I wanted more. But a man must be blind to make up his mind to go to sea once more.", 
            "Once more, once more. Go to sea once more. But a man must be blind to make up his mind to go to sea once more.", 
            "And as I walked down London road I met with a Rapper Brown. I asked him if he'd take me in and he looked at me with a frown. He said, \"Last time you was paid off, to me you chucked no score.\" \"But I'll give you a chance and I'll take Your advance and I'll send you to sea once more.\"", 
            "I shipped onboard of a whaling Barque. We were bound for the Greenland seas. Where cold winds blow through frost And snow, why Jamaica rum would freeze. And worst to bear, I'd no hard weather gear as I'd spent all my money ashore. It was then that I wished that I was dead and could go to sea no more.", 
            "Sometimes we're catching whales, Me lads. Sometimes we're catching none. With a twenty-foot oar stuck in your paw from 4 o'clock in the morn. And as the shades of night roll on and you rest on your weary oar. It was then that I wished that I was dead and could go to sea no more.", 
            "So come all of you hard weather-sailing lads who listen to my song. When you get back from those long trips I'd have you not go wrong. Take my advice. Drink no strong drink, don't you knock on that brothel door. But get married instead and spend All night in bed and go to sea no more."
        ]
    },
    "The Dreadnaughts" : {
        "Rosibella" : [ 
            "Oh, come let's join Rosibella Come let's join Rosibella Come let's join, come let's join The saucy Rosibella (heave away)"
        ],
        "Fire Marengo" : [ 
            "Lift him up and carry him along Fire Marengo, fire away"
        ],
        "Shiloh" : [ 
            "Oh Shiloh, here's mud in your eye (haulin' away from Shiloh Town) Get one last long  look 'fore you say your goodbyes (and we're haulin' away from Shiloh)"
        ]
    },
    "The Irish Rovers" : {
        "Drunken Sailor" : [ 
            "What will we do with a drunken sailor?"
        ],
        "All for Me Grog" : [ 
            "All for me grog, me jolly jolly grog"
        ],
        "The Jolly Roving Tar" : [ 
            "Well here we are, we're back again safe upon the shore. In Belfast town we'd like to stay and go to sea no more.", 
            "We'll go into a public house and drink till were content. For the lassies they will love us till our money is all spent.", 
            "So pass the flowing bowl while there's whisky in the jar And we'll drink to all the lassies at the Jolly Roving Tar.", 
            "Oh Johnny did ya miss me when the nights were long and cold, Or did you find another love in your arms to hold.", 
            "Says he, \"I thought of only you while on the sea afar So come up the stairs and cuddle with your Jolly Roving Tar!\"", 
            "Well in each others arms they rode till the break of day. When the sailor rose and said \"Farewll I must be on me way.\"", 
            "\"Why don't ya leave me Johnny lad, I thought you'd marry me! \"Says he \"I can't get married for I'm married to the sea!\"", 
            "Well come on you buddy lassies now, a warning take by me. Never trust an Irishman an inch above your knee!", 
            "He'll tease you and he'll please you but when he's had his fun, He'll leave you in the morning with a daughter or a son!"
        ]
    }
}